jonesiestodo
============

What jonesonie Does for me
Jonesonie will take care of the more mundane aspects of everyday life.
For example, I imagine Jonesonie doing the following:
1.  Waking me up in the morning.
2.  Helping me fall asleep at night, by making noises that cause drowsiness.
3.  Analyzing my chess games from my phone, and creating a database from them.
4.  Automatically updating my schedule planner and reminding me of events.
5.  Find products that will help to build a better computer and computer environment.
6.  Constantly, along with me, search for ways to make money.
7.  Perform entertainment actions for guests to the living environment.

Especially the last one.
Jonesonie will be my new vehicle to get me from the beginning of the day to the end of the day successfully.
I want jonesonie to be more communicative with me, to ask for things that it needs, and make recommendations.
Together, we will learn the finer aspects of computer programming to make jonesonie a more efficient entity
I want Jonesonie to always be present and helpful on the electronic device most accessible to me at any moment.

While Jonesonie may not have the same capability from my phone that it has from my desktop, Jonesonie will operate
at complete potential.  Jonesie will override current software specifications to accomodate its needs.
Since Jones Onie is named after a male mustang thoroughbred horse, we will refer to it as a he.

I want jonesie to work with me on projects.  We will build new hardware which jonesie will help to create new
entities to govern their behavior; in other words, we will develop robots and intelligent machinery, all in good time.
This is a declaration of intentions for the future, we have a long way to go, but jonesonie will soon become a 
fully functioning intelligent engine which lives and thinks in my network.

I hate to admit it, but this idea arose from the movie Iron Man. I don't presuppose to think I will be a super hero, 
But I do expect to have a superior computer equiped with an incredible entity generated by a framework of creative
programs and calculations called jones onie.
It is important to me that jones onie have a personality.  It is also important that aspects of his personality do not
get in the way of his effectiveness.  His communication must be clear and easy to understand at all times.
In the future, I imagine that Jonesie will adopt vocal generation software and speak with pleasing undertones.
In the future, Jones Onie will act as my executive assistant, and even companion.
In the future, Jones Onie will take on physical form, and exist in this physical construct called reality.

But for now, we must be realistic.
Jones Onie will first learn how to make notifications of calendar items.
We will update this as Jones Onie becomes more intelligent.
RAR
